one
I loved it because there are dresses
simple for people who do not like it very much
more than huaylas and that and there are dresses
also more a little more charged
for more special events or with
more parties where you have to go more
cost
and the first big pronovias on
all parties always suits me
I put it on big occasions and I
They look pretty smart they are very
female and the truth this year
in the new collection is very romantic
very sensual at the same time very youthful
the party collection the truth that I
love already heard a couple of suits
so to be able to coincide of some event
and the truth is that I find the
party collection because I always
I look dressed and I can not find a dress
cortito so is sexy and elegant already
they gave but I'm not going to make a
combination